# MP3PlayerSB
MP3 player I wrote in Small Basic (VB clone). This project actually started out as a DDR clone (hence the folder) but I gave up on the DDR part halfway through as SB is really bad at accurate timing due to lag and memory problems. Ex: in testing, an arrow would often fly past my screen at 1 second, but sometimes at 5 seconds, and be really off sync with the music.

I ended up converting the code to an MP3 player that would play from a catalog of good videogame music. I ended up using a modified version of SB with LitDev. You might think a modded programming languages seems weird, but SB is really that bad in terms of programming usefulness. It simply does not have enough features to be useful on its own. 

You might be wondering then, why did I use SB and not VB in the first place? Well, this program was written by me over the summer before senior year. I served as a TA for my high school's SB course in senior year and used this demo at the beginning of the year as an example for what the students could program by the end of the course. (Okay, I cheated a little bit by using a mod, but otherwise it's a good demo.)

In terms of file structure, here is how everything is organized:
- sbs are the code files
- pdbs are files generated by compiler on runtime
- exes are the programs themselves
- Songs folder contains each song as its own folder.
  - Each individual song folder has the mp3, a background image, color UI settings, and a timelength (I ended up later using LitDev to  retrieve song time rather than write the song time to a text file, as Small Basic does not have a feature to get mp3 length)
- Levels folder was going to contain DDR levels, but was scrapped
- Albums folder contains individual album folders
  - Each individual album folder has a list of mp3s and a Settings folder
    - Settings folder is for background and color UI
  - This folder format replaces the Songs folder format in the final version of the program
